DEPLOY_NOW_STEPS.md, before:

# 🚀 DEPLOY FRESH ORPHI CROWDFUND - COMPLETELY NEW CONTRACT!

## ✅ **STATUS CONFIRMED**
- **✅ Trezor Balance:** 0.1 test BNB (sufficient)
- **✅ NEW Contract:** Compiled OrphiCrowdFund ready for fresh deployment
- **✅ Network:** BSC Testnet configured
- **✅ FRESH START:** No connection to old contract (0x8F826...)

## 🆕 **FRESH DEPLOYMENT STRATEGY**
This deployment creates a **COMPLETELY NEW** OrphiCrowdFund contract with:
- ✅ Fresh contract address (will be generated during deployment)
- ✅ All admin rights assigned to your Trezor wallet
- ✅ No connection to any previous/compromised contracts
- ✅ Clean slate with latest security features

---

## 🎯 **IMMEDIATE NEXT STEPS**

### **STEP 1: Open Trezor Suite Web**
1. **Go to:** https://suite.trezor.io/web/
2. **Connect** your Trezor device via USB
3. **Unlock** with your PIN
4. **Allow** Trezor Suite Web to connect

### **STEP 2: Add BSC Testnet (if not already added)**
```
Network Name: BSC Testnet
RPC URL: https://data-seed-prebsc-1-s1.binance.org:8545/
Chain ID: 97
Symbol: BNB
Explorer: https://testnet.bscscan.com
```

### **STEP 3: Deploy Contract**
1. **In Trezor Suite Web**, look for contract deployment or "Send" feature
2. **Create deployment transaction:**
   - **To:** (leave empty for contract creation)
   - **Value:** 0 BNB
   - **Gas Limit:** 3,000,000
   - **Data:** Use the bytecode from `/public/contract-data.js`

3. **Confirm** transaction on your Trezor device
4. **Wait** for deployment confirmation
5. **📝 RECORD THE CONTRACT ADDRESS** from the transaction receipt

### **STEP 4: Initialize Contract**
1. **Create second transaction** to the deployed contract address
2. **Call initialize() function with:**
   ```
   Function: initialize
   _usdtToken: 0x7ef95a0FEE0Dd31b22626fA2e10Ee6A223F8a684
   _treasuryAddress: 0xDf628ed21f0B27197Ad02fc29EbF4417C04c4D29
   _emergencyAddress: 0xDf628ed21f0B27197Ad02fc29EbF4417C04c4D29
   _poolManagerAddress: 0xDf628ed21f0B27197Ad02fc29EbF4417C04c4D29
   ```
3. **Confirm** initialization on Trezor device

### **STEP 5: Verify Success**
1. **Check** contract on BSC Testnet explorer
2. **Verify** all admin roles assigned to your Trezor address
3. **Test** that admin functions require Trezor signature

---

## 🔧 **IF TREZOR SUITE WEB DOESN'T SUPPORT CONTRACT DEPLOYMENT**

### **Alternative: Use Remix IDE + Trezor**
1. **Go to:** https://remix.ethereum.org/
2. **Connect** Trezor via "Injected Provider"
3. **Deploy** contract using Remix interface
4. **Sign** all transactions with Trezor

### **Files You Need:**
- **Contract Bytecode:** In `/public/contract-data.js`
- **Contract ABI:** In `/public/contract-data.js`
- **Deployment Guide:** `/AUTHENTIC_TREZOR_SUITE_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md`

---

## 🎉 **AFTER SUCCESSFUL DEPLOYMENT**

1. **Record contract address** in your notes
2. **Test admin functions** to ensure Trezor control
3. **Plan mainnet deployment** using same process
4. **Update frontend** to use new contract address

---

## 🆘 **NEED HELP?**

- **Contract Data:** Check `/public/contract-data.js`
- **Full Guide:** Read `/AUTHENTIC_TREZOR_SUITE_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md`
- **Checklist:** Follow `/TREZOR_DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`

**🔐 REMEMBER:** Only use authentic Trezor Suite Web or Remix with Trezor injection. No third-party tools!

Commit message:

🚀 Initial cleanup for OrphiCrowdFund deployment - Removed node_modules, artifacts, cache, and temporary files - Updated git remote to correct repository - Added Supabase integration files - Ready for final cleanup and push

DEPLOY_NOW_STEPS.md, after:

# 🚀 DEPLOY FRESH ORPHI CROWDFUND - COMPLETELY NEW CONTRACT!

## ✅ **STATUS CONFIRMED**
- **✅ Trezor Balance:** 0.1 test BNB (sufficient)
- **✅ NEW Contract:** Compiled OrphiCrowdFund ready for fresh deployment
- **✅ Network:** BSC Testnet configured
- **✅ FRESH START:** No connection to old contract (0x8F826...)

## 🆕 **FRESH DEPLOYMENT STRATEGY**
This deployment creates a **COMPLETELY NEW** OrphiCrowdFund contract with:
- ✅ Fresh contract address (will be generated during deployment)
- ✅ All admin rights assigned to your Trezor wallet
- ✅ No connection to any previous/compromised contracts
- ✅ Clean slate with latest security features

---

> [!WARNING]
> **Deprecation Notice:** All deployments must use `OrphiCrowdFund.sol` only. `OrphiCrowdFundSimplified.sol` is deprecated and should not be used for any new deployments or upgrades.

## 🎯 **IMMEDIATE NEXT STEPS**

### **STEP 1: Open Trezor Suite Web**
1. **Go to:** https://suite.trezor.io/web/
2. **Connect** your Trezor device via USB
3. **Unlock** with your PIN
4. **Allow** Trezor Suite Web to connect

### **STEP 2: Add BSC Testnet (if not already added)**
```
Network Name: BSC Testnet
RPC URL: https://data-seed-prebsc-1-s1.binance.org:8545/
Chain ID: 97
Symbol: BNB
Explorer: https://testnet.bscscan.com
```

### **STEP 3: Deploy Contract**
1. **In Trezor Suite Web**, look for contract deployment or "Send" feature
2. **Create deployment transaction:**
   - **To:** (leave empty for contract creation)
   - **Value:** 0 BNB
   - **Gas Limit:** 3,000,000
   - **Data:** Use the bytecode from `/public/contract-data.js`

3. **Confirm** transaction on your Trezor device
4. **Wait** for deployment confirmation
5. **📝 RECORD THE CONTRACT ADDRESS** from the transaction receipt

### **STEP 4: Initialize Contract**
1. **Create second transaction** to the deployed contract address
2. **Call initialize() function with:**
   ```
   Function: initialize
   _usdtToken: 0x7ef95a0FEE0Dd31b22626fA2e10Ee6A223F8a684
   _treasuryAddress: 0xDf628ed21f0B27197Ad02fc29EbF4417C04c4D29
   _emergencyAddress: 0xDf628ed21f0B27197Ad02fc29EbF4417C04c4D29
   _poolManagerAddress: 0xDf628ed21f0B27197Ad02fc29EbF4417C04c4D29
   ```
3. **Confirm** initialization on Trezor device

### **STEP 5: Verify Success**
1. **Check** contract on BSC Testnet explorer
2. **Verify** all admin roles assigned to your Trezor address
3. **Test** that admin functions require Trezor signature

---

## 🚀 Post-Deployment: Secure Ownership and Role Transfer

After deploying with the temporary MetaMask wallet, immediately run:

```sh
CONTRACT_ADDRESS=<deployed_contract_address> npx hardhat run scripts/transfer-ownership-and-roles.cjs --network bsc_testnet
```

- This will transfer all contract ownership and admin roles to your Trezor wallet (0xDf628ed21f0B27197Ad02fc29EbF4417C04c4D29).
- The deployer will have no remaining permissions.
- Verify on BSCScan and via script output that only your Trezor wallet has admin rights.
- Discard the temporary MetaMask private key after this step.

---

## 🎉 **AFTER SUCCESSFUL DEPLOYMENT**

1. **Record contract address** in your notes
2. **Test admin functions** to ensure Trezor control
3. **Plan mainnet deployment** using same process
4. **Update frontend** to use new contract address

---

## 🆘 **NEED HELP?**

- **Contract Data:** Check `/public/contract-data.js`
- **Full Guide:** Read `/AUTHENTIC_TREZOR_SUITE_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md`
- **Checklist:** Follow `/TREZOR_DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`

**🔐 REMEMBER:** Only use authentic Trezor Suite Web. No third-party tools!
